=No Pain No Gain=
("Losing Money to Be a Tycoon"
by Qingshan Quzui)
=Episode 2=
(This story is purely fictional)
Be careful.
Dad, Mom, I told you.
We're moving into
Jinchuan's Mingri Apartments.
It's fully furnished.
Just bring your bags over.
Get rid of this old furniture.
Many of them are still usable.
We need to be prudent
when it comes to spending.
Exactly.
Son.
How did you earn so much money?
Yeah.
That's simple.
I did a random project,
and it turned out to be so profitable.
Slowly.
Ma Yang!
Sorry,
but Tengda is gone for good.
I'll pay your severance,
10 times more than your salary.
Sames goes for Bao Xu.
Look how generous he is.
So generous.
Money transferred.
He's amazing!
(Manager Mei)
Hello?
Hello, Mr. Pei.
You came to view Mingri Apartments
a while ago.
What do you think?
Want to pay the deposit now
to lock in your dream home?
I'll do that soon.
Okay, take care, Sir.
Who in the world
made this hellish game?
Ma Yang, what are you playing?
The Lonely Road.
(It's Raining Money)
The Lonely Road?
You're playing that too?
I've been playing the whole night,
and I haven't even beaten Level Two.
You're just torturing yourself.
Me?
It's all Mr. Qiao's fault.
Everyone's torturing themselves now.
Last night, he uploaded a video.
See?
Look at his video.
He's thrashing this game,
and now he's viral.
(Mr. Qiao)
(In this driving simulation game,)
(not only can you drive,)
(but you can only drive.)
(The graphics are all stock photos.)
(All the bends are copied and pasted.)
(All the scenery is just, well, scenery.)
(I've been playing the entire night)
(and finally cleared the game.)
(At the end, the game showed a message)
(to mock me.)
(Guess what it is?)
(Thrashing Bad Games, Ep. 63)
("Congratulations.)
(I spent 8 hours on a bad game, and...)
(You have wasted)
(eight precious hours of your life.")
(After playing this game, I realized)
(how precious time is.)
(Gaming is such a waste of time.)
(I heard Mr. Qiao has gone nuts)
(If I had to rate the game's boredom,)
(Downloading it now)
(Where can I download it?)
(it's a 10 out of 10!)
(Check out Mr. Qiao's video)
(This game is a solid 100!)
520,000 likes.
This is crazy.
I need to know
which immoral company
developed this game.
It's preposterous!
Teng...
Qian, you made this game?
(The Lonely Road by Tengda)
It's gone viral now.
Of course, I know how to slack off.
I've got so many rejected projects.
(Rejected Projects)
I'll just choose one of them.
(Pick-up-and-play Games)
(Casual Games)
The worst game in history.
No.
Gamers tend to be
more rebellious now.
No one would play this, would they?
"This is
(Game Introduction)
the best game ever."
Gamers nowadays
are easily attracted
by false advertising.
No...
(Game Introduction)
"Driving on a road."
Great.
It's the perfect beginning
to failure.
(Game: The Lonely Road
Introduction: Driving on a road)
(The Lonely Road)
(Game Popularity Ranking Chart)
(Enter Livestream)
(What is this game even about?)
This is Tengda's first game.
I don't get it.
Is this even a game?
Does that mean anyone can just paste
some stock photos to make a game?
The graphics suck.
(Lonely? The comment section is crowded)
Tengda is a horrible developer.
What is this stupid game?
They're a bad egg in the market.
(Gotta choose one road)
Level Two is really hard.
I've been playing for hours
but haven't gotten past yet.
Has anyone cleared it yet?
(Recommend a game, and I'll play)
I've finally cleared this!
These levels only get harder.
But I'm getting rebellious,
and I'm going to beat every level.
(Another lonely day)
Honestly,
in the end,
I'm beginning to contemplate life.
(The Lonely Road)
(Profit: The Lonely Road)
(Total Assets)
The numbers must be wrong.
This game cost nothing to develop,
and it's raking in so much money?
This doesn't make sense.
To other developers,
this is a perfect start
worth bragging about for a lifetime.
What perfect start?
This is going to kill me.
Can we remove
this game right away?
I'll start over and do another one.
The contract clearly states
in Paragraph One.
"Profitable games
may not be removed for no reason."
That means
we can't remove published games
or close down stores in operation.
How is this no reason?
I'm telling you,
this game is a hazard
to the gamers' mental health.
Look what's happening to them!
He's gained a lot of fans
thanks to this video.
I'd say he's healthier than ever.
By the way,
Mr. Sima wants me to tell you
that he's looking forward to seeing
you invest our current profits
into the next production
and bring us more surprises
in the future.
No.
Why is Mr. Sima doing this?
No comments.
Mr. Pei, you should think
about how you can
turn our profits into losses next time.
Ms. Xin.
Ms...
Bao Xu and Ma Yang
worked at the core of this project.
I want to pay them a bonus.
Didn't you develop this by yourself?
Of course not.
They worked on it, all by themselves.
Very well, then.
Give me a reasonable number.
I have another request.
I want to hire
more people to develop new projects.
Agreed.
If you need anything else, tell me.
Make sure we pay our new recruits
the best salary ever!
Why do I feel like...
It's raining money now?
Yintang.
You're a lucky cat.
Wu Xi.
(Tengda Game)
Your job as a receptionist is simple.
Just greet our visitors
and record their details.
I'm Wu Sheng.
I'm Wu Xi.
- Hello, how may I help you?
Ms. Xin, these are
the new receptionists.
They're working as receptionists?
Both of them worked as salesgirls
in an apparel shop?
Mr. Pei,
you're planning to pay them
10,000 yuan a month,
along with a four-month bonus
as well as comprehensive accident
and medical insurance?
Any problem with that?
You're hiring salesgirls
as receptionists?
You see.
Working in sales involves
a lot of communication,
so they would make good receptionists.
What about
the comprehensive accident
and medical insurance?
Well,
the receptionist's table
is badly designed.
It's easy to hit your toes on the edges.
They're working in
a dangerous environment,
so we need to insure them.
Besides,
in Tengda, we believe in
human equality.
Since our programmers are insured too,
why not them?
Judging from the company's size,
you only need one receptionist.
No.
As you can see,
they've been together
since they were conceived.
Two hearts beating as one.
A double blessing, isn't it?
Very symmetrical.
- Welcome to Tengda Game.
- May I help you?
♪Get up, get down♪
♪Get your feet off the ground♪
There are so many people.
I'm here for the interview.
Covering our transportation costs?
Excuse me.
Queue up!
I'm working here.
- Excuse me.
We're working here.
Excuse me.
Good luck.
They're offering such amazing benefits,
hence the stream of interviewees.
Mr. Pei said
he welcomes even primary school leavers,
and no age limits.
Look.
They're obviously here
to earn a pension.
That old guy.
Sorry for making you wait.
He's even holding a teacup.
We've called a taxi for you.
Sorry for the wait.
We don't mind.
Just give us a chance.
Sorry, we can't hire you.
We don't have
an HR department,
so Ms. Xin has to handle all of this.
If she didn't stop them,
those two old guys
might have been
our future colleagues.
No way.
I think Mr. Pei is offering
the best salary
to hire ruffians from
all over the country.
Impossible.
We're not ruffians.
We're hidden talents.
Wait for me, hidden talent.
Good morning.
It's really
my honor to
have the opportunity for interview.
Niu?
Huang?
Niu.
Niu, what are you doing here?
Huang.
You see,
even though you've been optimized,
but this...
You've picked up some good habits
from our company.
Keep it up.
(Toilet)
Niu!
Niu.
Are you here for a business meeting?
Well,
Tengda invited me over
for a discussion...
Is Mr. Niu Yuanfeng here?
Mr. Niu Yuanfeng?
I'm here. (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
Sorry, Mr. Niu.
You didn't pass the interview screening,
but we will cover your costs,
including transportation and apparel,
provided that it's
a reasonable number.
Thank you.
Niu.
You've been optimized too?
No, Huang, I'm different.
I...
I quit my job.
Is Mr. Huang Sibo here?
Yes.
It's your turn to be interviewed.
Okay.
Niu, it's okay.
You used to tell me
the failure is the mother of success.
Let's work hard.
Niu, I need to go now.
Wait.
So,
that person earlier was my former boss.
He has an impressive resume,
but you rejected him?
What kind of person
is your company looking to hire?
Tengda only hires talents
that Mr. Pei admires.
Follow me.
Huang Sibo from Wanli Academy.
Yes, I'm Huang Sibo!
I will work hard!
If Tengda gives me
the chance to shine,
I will give my all to Tengda!
I won't disappoint you!
Calm down.
Sit down.
I've read your resume.
In your previous company,
you've been in the same position
for six years.
No promotion.
Was there a lack of opportunity
for career advancement?
Is that why you quit?
No, I was optimized.
Mr. Lv, your resume states
that you have relevant experience
in the Nobel Literature Prize?
Yes, I am a Nobel Literature Prize
book reader.
"Senior purchasing experience
in billion-dollar projects"?
I bought lottery tickets.
"A million-follower influencer"?
0.0001 million followers.
By the way,
your hiring notice says
you promise no overtime?
Weekends are always off,
and absolutely no working
on holidays, right?
That's a lot of promises.
Can you really do that?
I guarantee we'll do all that.
I'll consider coming, then.
Hello, I'm Li Yada.
I'm a programmer.
You have a cat in the office?
Is your cat feed okay?
What?
What's the protein content?
And fat content?
And fiber, calcium, phosphorus,
magnesium, taurine...
Do they meet the requirements?
Well...
What about tinned cat food?
According to AAFCO's standards,
protein should make up
at least 10% of a cat's diet.
Does your food meet the requirements?
Ms. Li,
are we interviewing you now,
or are you interviewing the cat?
Both can do.
You're telling me you got fired?
Sorry,
I know I can't say that in an interview.
I'm too nervous.
Let's do this again.
Wait!
Huang Sibo from Wanli Academy.
Since you're an honest man,
you
are hired.
So, you care about
having days off, right?
You're hired.
(Li Yada.)
Kitty!
Hao Qiong.
Your resume says
you've been interviewed by 10 companies,
but none of them hired you?
Why?
I don't know.
This doesn't make sense.
Your resume looks okay,
and so are your qualifications.
What could the reason be?
I've never thought about it.
What did you call her?
Hao Qiong. It's written here.
Her name is Hao Qiong (so poor),
but she wants to work in finance.
This is so unfair.
You
are hired.
Mr. Pei, aren't you being too impulsive?
How so?
Look at their resumes.
"Intern at a language academy".
That means he used to be
a Mandarin teacher.
Look, Huang Sibo
never got promoted in six years.
What does this show?
Sorry about that.
Don't be sorry.
This shows that you
can accept mediocrity
while staying true to yourself.
You're a perfect fit for this position.
What position are you interested in?
Product Manager?
Name your salary.
8,000.
8,000?
6,000 works, too.
6,000, seriously?
You see, renting a room in Jinchuan
costs around 5,000 yuan a month, right?
If you take a taxi to work every day,
that'd be at least 1,500 yuan a month.
Your daily expenses,
let's say it's 3,000 yuan.
That still doesn't include
work gatherings,
team building costs and all.
That alone would've been 5,000 yuan.
Besides, as an employee,
you need to have savings.
I'm offering you 35,000.
What?
Too little?
Mr. Pei.
You're testing our limits.
How?
You see, he has six years
of work experience.
I'm paying him 35,000 a month.
It's a great deal.
Sorry to interrupt.
This might sound rude,
but is this a legal company?
Are you going to make me pay
before I can work here?
We are a legal company,
and you don't have to pay us anything.
I'm telling you,
there's no probation period here.
Once you sign the contract,
you're a permanent employee.
By the way, we will also cover
your taxi fare today.
I took the metro.
See?
For a 40-year-old man,
he's a...
28.
It's on my resume.
(Huang Sibo, 28 years old)
My previous job was pretty taxing.
Well,
young man.
Such innocence
and quality.
We need to reward him.
So,
let's pay for
his apparel today.
That's settled.
(You have just received 5,000 yuan
in your bank account.)
No wonder they insisted on
giving me a base salary.
The contract was so long.
It was literally 1GB.
There's no way I can find a loophole.
Qian.
(Pillar of the Company)
These people you hired
are literally leftovers
from other companies.
Like the product manager, Huang Sibo.
It's obvious he got fired
from his previous job.
Then there's Lv Mingliang,
the programmer.
He's more of an abstractist.
He claims to have graduated
from both Tsinghua
and Peking University.
He's worked 28 jobs in a year,
none lasting over a week.
One of his jobs was
"supermarket food tester".
He's just eating food samples
at the supermarket.
That's all.
Who are these people?
Do you still remember your resume?
I don't have a resume.
Take a good look at them.
Actually, all of them
are hidden talents shelved away
by their previous companies.
Like him.
Lv Mingliang.
Lv.
He managed to come up
with an impressive resume,
but he never lasted long
in any of his jobs.
You know why?
Because he lacks determination.
Nonsense.
Don't blame the youngsters.
Ma.
As a business,
what's the most important thing?
Making money.
As a business, the most important thing
is to guide the lost youths.
Explore their interests.
Make their talents shine.
So that's how you understand it.
Look at him.
Huang Sibo.
Do you know why he never got promoted
after so many years?
Why?
Because of jealousy.
Jealousy?
That's why
we need to create
a fair, transparent environment
for competition
so that these unfulfilled youths
can shine brightly in our company!
Finally, let's look at
Hao Qiong from Finance.
She couldn't find a job.
Is it because she lacks qualifications?
Of course not.
It's because other companies
think her name is unlucky.
This is workplace bullying, isn't it?
This is outrageous!
Will we be like them?
Of course not!
What should we do, then?
Hire her!
Qian.
You're a visionary.
I can learn so much from you.
Actually, I've learned
a lot from you too.
Learn, my foot!
You idiots talk too much!
Pipe down!
Sorry.
Next up,
you need to help the new recruits
adapt.
Of course.
Okay.
Huang Sibo.
Lv Mingliang.
Hao Qiong.
A golden team.
(Tengda CAM)
(Tengda Game)
Hello.
Huang Sibo,
product manager.
Lv Mingliang, programmer.
I reckon we'll be
contacting each other often,
but keep it minimal.
Better yet, none.
That would mean we have less work.
We'll still be colleagues.
Colleagues?
How much is your salary?
I think that's confidential.
How so? (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
Mr. Pei mentioned
that Tengda's payroll is transparent.
If anyone feels unhappy
because they earn less
than their colleagues,
they can ask for a raise.
Really?
That's Ma Yang, the Vice CEO.
Instead of having his own office,
he's sitting with us.
(One with the People)
He only earns 10,000 a month.
That girl.
Hao Qiong from Finance.
What's her name again?
Hao Qiong.
She's never entered college,
and she's earning 18,000 a month.
Those two from Design.
One can't tell red and green apart,
and the other, blue and yellow.
Hey, your shirt looks cool.
Where did you buy it?
I love your blue shirt.
Wait, pal.
This shirt is green.
What's wrong with you?
Green?
They're earning this much.
What?
That's Yun from HR.
She was a housewife
who hadn't worked for the past 20 years.
That girl is Li Yada.
Another programmer.
Why is the company
hiring these people?
My guess is,
Mr. Pei is most likely
a rich kid who's never worked
a day in his life.
Tengda's probably going bankrupt soon.
No.
It wasn't easy for me to get this job.
Then, make use of
the company's resources
while you're still here.
What are you doing?
What are you thinking?
Mr. Pei is here!
Why has everyone gone quiet?
Don't mute yourselves
just because I'm here.
In Tengda, we encourage small talk
and ban leaders from big talk.
You are allowed to gossip
during meetings.
Actually, I didn't want
to waste everyone's time
with this meeting,
but our values in Tengda
are very different
from other companies,
so I wanted to explain first.
First.
Employees must use the company's
gym and entertainment facilities
for at least four hours a week
to maintain physical and mental health.
- Gym at work!
Second.
The first day you return to work
after a weekend or holiday,
you may decide
what time to come to work.
No more return-to-work blues.
1:30 pm is still too early?
Third.
The most important rule.
Working overtime is strictly prohibited.
As for holidays,
we implement
a consecutive holiday system.
If a public holiday falls on a weekend,
it will be replaced on weekdays.
Work days are not replaced.
Lv.
We have nine days off
thanks to National Day.
I still can't get used to this.
I still have unfinished work,
so I'm secretly working overtime
in the office.
You can continue after the holidays.
Huang Sibo, you're back.
Working outside of working hours
is strictly prohibited.
Do not work after work hours.
Do not talk to your colleagues
about work
outside of working hours.
Other rules
are listed down in the Employee Handbook
and sent to your email.
Today is Friday,
so I won't be assigning any work.
You may read the Employee Handbook,
or have a change of pace
at the Entertainment Room
to get some inspiration for projects.
Dismissed.
That's it?
That's all?
The Employee Handbook says
Tengda employees
can make full use
of the company's resources.
If we feel tired,
we can talk to our department head.
The company will immediately
hire new recruits
to lighten our workload.
Does this company exist for real?
Tengda must be in deep trouble.
Why think so much?
It's an easy job, anyway.
Just cruising through the day.
We can talk about the future later.
I need to start
submitting resumes again.
Mr. Pei, I'm going home.
Look at Lv.
He's a role model.
It's time to get off work.
Why are you still here?
Not only do you need
to get off work with gusto,
but you also need
to learn that work-life balance
and sufficient rest
are crucial to work efficiency.
Bao Xu.
Why are you playing
such an old game?
Old games are soulful.
I play this, too.
Bao.
Your game ID is...
B... B517?
You're the No. 1 player
of Strongest of Kings?
Bao Xu
is our official game tester.
He's here for real.
He's a god-tier player
in every MMORPG out there.
He's cleared
every single PC game ever made.
If there's a game you need help with,
look for him.
Really?
Bao, look at this.
(Game Over)
Mr. Pei, I haven't gotten
past this level yet.
Don't worry, though.
I'll work overtime
to clear this level.
I know you talked about it
in the meeting,
but I know very well
that I'll do a good job.
I won't disappoint you!
Sibo.
Your previous company's
bad overtime culture
must have rubbed off on you.
Remember this.
Overtime is strictly prohibited here.
Everyone!
Get off work!
That's it? Work's over?
I didn't do anything today.
You're too competitive.
You must have worked in Fuhui.
That's right.
I knew it, you reek of that place.
They love training work machines.
How do I keep my job, then?
You know, I was jobless for a year
after graduation.
When I finally landed a job,
they set up this optimization criterion.
I got to stay
because I agreed to work overtime
with no pay raises,
but they still fired me.
I can't lose my job again.
Bao.
Are you working overtime?
No, I'm playing games.
The Internet connection here is great.
(Shenhua International)
(Achilles and Pandora,
together with Heracles, Athena...)
Ma Yang?
What the heck? You scared me.
Ma Yang, I have a question.
Why was "The Lonely Road"
such a huge success?
The Lonely Road?
Because gamers are rebellious.
They enjoy torturing themselves.
If we follow this train of thought,
what should we do next?
Make more sequels.
The Lonely Route.
The Lonely Highway.
Wrong.
If we follow this train of thought,
we should make a card game next.
Card games...
What dumb idea is that?
Bao said that card games are outdated.
As you just said,
gamers are rebellious nowadays.
So, we're going to make a game
with no in-app purchases.
10 yuan for a lifetime pass.
Everyone gets
100 free card draws every day.
Well?
I'm even more confused.
Why charge 10 yuan?
You might as well make it free.
Who the heck
would make a card game like that?
You think I didn't want that?
Ms. Xin refused my idea.
Ma Yang.
Are you questioning my decision?
Of course not.
It was you who made "The Lonely Road".
That's why I will support
your decision.
Ma Yang.
I want you to spearhead
the development team for this project.
Me?
Mr. Pei. (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
I know
that many people are doubting
my ability to be the Vice CEO.
They say I probably saved you
from an atomic bomb.
Don't worry, though.
After this battle,
I will make other people see
what you saw in me.
Good!
Mr. Pei.
What kind of game concept
do you have in mind?
(Stories of Ancient Grease)
Ancient... Grease.
A typo on the cover?
It must be a pirated copy.
Mythology.
Mythology?
Great minds think alike.
Mr. Pei. I told you I was going
to read a book, right?
Yes.
I couldn't read any.
But I downloaded a book
about Greek mythology.
A web novel?
Yes.
There's a lot of material inside
we can use in the game.
Look.
There's this guy called Achilles.
Achilles?
I'm telling you.
This Achilles guy
has a box.
The gods told him not to open it.
Never open it.
But he did.
And then the world turned chaotic.
Ma Yang, do you know about Pandora?
Pandora?
She appeared later in the story.
She's a heroine
clad in golden armor.
But she has a fatal weakness.
What is it?
Her heel.
Just pull her ankle,
and she's dead.
Ma Yang.
Did you write this book?
I can't write books.
I'm saying we can use these
Ancient Greek characters
as heroes in our game.
We can turn Pandora
into a dragon-slaying lolita.
She can carry a 40-meter blade.
Have scars on her face.
As for Achilles,
we can turn him
into a mechanical puppet.
His weapon would be a box.
There's also this character
in the story, the god of sun.
His name is...
His name is
Apineapple.
We can turn him
into a retro pixel character.
What do you think?
These ideas are golden, right?
Ma Yang, I knew
I found the right person.
You're a genius!
What a bizarre game.
Let's name it
Divine General Pact!
♪I'mma dial my connects♪
♪Yeah I'mma send it in a text♪
♪We about to get social♪
♪Focus♪
♪Don't wanna miss♪
♪'Cause the kids are in town♪
♪I've got a vibe♪
♪Book a flight♪
♪Pull up the landing gear♪
♪Feelin' good♪
♪Feelin' light♪
♪It's in the atmosphere♪
♪It's what we make it♪
♪No matter how we shake it♪
♪'Cause when we all participate♪
♪The party always celebrate♪
♪Good days♪
♪Good times♪
♪Let them roll♪
♪Sun's up♪
♪Alright alright♪
♪It's time to make off♪
♪What will we do♪
♪What can we think of♪
♪'Cause you know♪
♪We have fun♪
♪Surf's up♪
♪Do what it do♪
♪Better keep up♪
♪Know how to move♪
♪Gotta school ya♪
♪'Cause we gotta have♪
♪Fun♪
♪Listen♪
♪I need a getaway♪
♪I need an intermission♪
♪Like a tidal wave♪
♪Become an expedition♪
♪Hey what do people say♪
♪I'll take a holiday♪
♪Hey baby what's the play♪
♪I'm tryin' to slide♪
♪Put the pedal to the metal♪
♪Step it up another level♪
♪Gonna clock out♪
♪And lock in♪
♪With all my close friends♪
♪Let loose♪
♪Let it fly♪
♪Jumpin' in♪
♪Take a dive♪
♪Give me ten♪
♪What will we do♪
♪What can we think of♪
♪'Cause you know♪
♪We have fun♪
♪Surf's up♪
♪Do what it do♪
♪Better keep up♪
♪Know how to move♪
♪Gotta school ya♪
♪'Cause we gotta have♪
♪Fun♪
♪Listen♪
♪I need a getaway♪
♪I need an intermission♪
♪Like a tidal wave♪
♪Become an expedition♪
♪Hey what do people say♪
♪I'll take a holiday♪
♪Hey baby what's the play♪
♪I'm tryin' to slide♪
♪Put the pedal to the metal♪
♪Step it up another level♪
♪Gonna clock out♪
♪And lock in♪
♪With all my close friends♪
♪Let loose♪
♪Let it fly♪
♪Jumpin' in♪
♪Take a dive♪
♪Give me ten♪
♪With a friend♪
♪Buckle up♪
♪Ride again♪
♪Good times♪
♪Let them roll♪
♪Sun's up♪
♪Alright alright♪
♪It's time to make off♪
♪What will we do♪
♪What can we think of♪
♪'Cause you know♪
♪We have fun♪
♪Surf's up♪
♪Do what it do♪
♪Better keep up♪
♪Know how to move♪
♪Gotta school ya♪
♪'Cause we gotta have♪
♪Fun♪